+  This phone is jus worth buying. Guys go for it. I was damn confused before buying this phone as my past exp with Samsung was not that great. Everyday I was surfing and finding a new phone. When this phone was launched finally i decided to go for this one. Great configuration at this price. Phone is smooth smart n classy. Lets not go with wat others say about samsung. Buy this super budgeted phone and then decide. Great camera, owsm battery backup. No hanging and heating stuf!!   
+  Very nice mobile.Superb look. Good battery backup. Camera quality is awesome. Screen resolution & clarity excellent. RAM is only concern. Out of 1.5 GB 350 MB left for user. Rest are mobile general features like messaging, phonebook..etc. but i will recommend to buy this mobile. SAMSUNG at this price with superb quality is worth to buy.  
+  Writing this review after using the phone for 3 days. Amazingly great camera, super battery backup, excellent voice clarity, good speaker and great 5.5 inch display.     Battery lasted for 1 1/2 day on very extensive use of various apps and many calls. Though RAM is only 1.5 GB, the phone worked super fast.     Also, look wise phone looked like an expensive 30k worth rich phone though in reality it is just around 10k.     super excellent value for money!!   
+  The phone is SIMPLY awesome!!!  the ONLY drawback is battery life.though it has 3000Mah battery still it drains faster.  asus is working on the battery drain issue with the update of 5.1  the delivery took 14 DAYS!!! which frustrated me  but as i got the phone all frustration was GONE!!  Camera is also above average.  FOR 15K u get more than needed.  NFC,1080P,Design,camera's!!  SIMPLY AWESOME!!  
+  this is awesome phone but its doesn't have ear phone with assosiries. and cannot connect net with second sim you need to replace sim 1 for connect net  
+  Awesome Phone in this Price  I bought this phone 1 week back for Rs. 13,500 in cash back offer. I must say that I made a very wise decision to select this phone. Its very smooth, battery is good, screen is awesome, feel slim although its 10.6 mm, easy to fit it pocket, fast, have an option to stop auto running of app (Greenify like). Its a aweso me phone and don't think of any phone if you are getting it for 13.5k.    
+  Totally Awesomme  Totally awesome phone.  Where can you find any such other device with so nice specs?    Thinking to buy new phone?  Asus zenfone 2 is totally worth it. And undoubtedly best phone around in this price range.    
+  what a product.. i love this.  i am totally satisfy by this phone...  touch is superb  no hang becoz intel inside...  camera awesome but there is bug.  display is 1080p awesome clearity  
+  SUPER HIT MOBILE !!!  very nice mobile so far yet really good to use, simple and elegant. The brilliant super amoled screen gives stunning look to the mobile.Gold variant is very nice its looks pretty decent always brand is brand. Pre-installed apps are very useful. Totally this mobile is EXCELLENT 5/5  
+  Good Phone at a reasonable cost  I bought this for my wife. Phone is good in looks. Back cover is of plastic but with good quality metallic paint. It has a reasonable back-up. Its response is decent even after 4 months of usage with sufficient no of apps being loaded.  
+  Excellent phone  Really excellent product from samsung. Screen,Performance,Camera Battery everything perfect.  And network wifi all are good. Gives very premium feeling.Worth the money.Thumbs up samsung.  One my request, please bring all the higher mobile handsets to reasonable price range like J7  
+  Hardy & Well performing  This was not for my use. Bought it for a friend who almost got a PhD researching on this phone. Obviously he is delighted. The reviews of the buyers came in handy. With the technology changing every day for better, i Hope this will be handy phone for the next 3 years or so.      
+  best mobile  best mobile i have ever used, batter is very good...   using it from last 3months...  good service from flipkart.  
+  Good Mobile, Delivery On Time, WS Retail is a good seller.  I purchased samsung galaxy j7 in sep 2015. The mobile is ultimate and flipkart, ws retail are the best.      
+  Excellent looks  Excellent looks using from past 10 days no faced any issue. Good camera and battery as compared to my last HTC phone of almost same configuration.  
+  it's working good , i am very happy to using this phone .  it's working good , i am very happy to using this phone .good product .  Phone is working good without any issue , no problem seeing .      
+  Great Phone  Great camera,Great performance and overall good design,its better than some of the premium phones above its class i will highly recommend this phone,Better than HTC or Moto G in terms of display quality  
+  just awesome  i did not personally use the product but i purchased it for my relatives and family i bought 4 j7 and believe me the phone looks premium and has good camera and other features   cons   looks big   carrying it makes difficult sometimes  
+  Nice Phone  Samsung Prove that very good android mobile cost of Rs. 15000, Camera quality, stylish look, screen and slim. I liked this worth of Rs.15000.  
+  Good phone.. Good buy..  Got it delivered the very next day... Advantages of being at bangalore and having ws retail as the seller..   Ph is amazing for 13500/-. I got it during the 10% off offer.     1) battery very good. Lasted me two working days with email sync, 3g on, wifi on, whatsupp, 4hr of call and 6 hrs of screen-on time. By far the best i hav used.     2) touch wiz is new n lite, min bloatware. Some games were there which i disabled. Cant uninstall. I do not play games that much.     3) screen is bright n excellent for watching videos which i do.     4) doesnot feel bulky.     
+  awesome phone  best smartphone,,no heating issues..touch is very smooth..no lags and hang..fast charging...best battery backup..played asphalt 8,nfsmw smoothly..4g is very fast..call quality is superb..only one thing is missing is ambient light sensors..  
+  Best smart phone  Awsome phone.one of the best smart phone from samsung.The phone looks very smart and great look.. camera quality and super amoled screen best in class.dont waste buyin other cheap brands. Worth buying @@feedback after 2 months      
+  Best ever  J7 is one of the best models from samsung. Awesome looks, No hang issues. No heating issues, amazing battery back up, crystal clear display, very fast n no lag. Image quality the best. Best quality at lowest price. Only drawback is speaker volum is kind of less. In all other ways, its the best :)  
+  Excellent Phone  I have order this from Flipkart after going through number of reviews, besides some draw backs, this phone is just awesome, performance is better than the phones in 20K range. Flipkart delivery and packaging always good, got the phone within 2 days..      
+  awesome phone!!  review after 3 months,    very fast processing,  good graphics,  super amoled,  decent sound quality,  nice camera,    
+  Good product from Samsung  I recently purchased this phone. Its speed is good. big display with good clarity.    this is my personal experience.    
+  very good phone  I'm using this phone...  In look wise camera in square shape....it's is not looking cute....  means back side look is not very bad but in samsung brand low range to high range all are in one....shape..and look....so look this matter  
+  best ever phone by samsung  best for camera , battery , speed and its long lasting battery go for it blindly and good service and delivery from flipkart overall best phone by samsung  
+  Smart phone and satisfactory service by flipkart  For a budget of 15k this phone is the best one in market. Although I got it for 13.5k under discount. Go for gold colour if you decide to buy one. Battery is superb, lasts for a day or more with 4g on all the time.  
+  Awesome Product, Worth of money  J7 is really good. Except sound everything is up to the mark. Gaming experience is awesome. Response is very fast. 4G running so good.  
+  Perfect phone one can expect  Marvellous phone.  Probably More than you can expect.  Display quality is mind blowing.  Performance is up to the mark. Very swift and handy to use.  Battery last for a day n half.  
+  Awesome  I bought a J7 yesterday and I want to tell everyone that its the best smartphone at this price 14999 and has all the features of A7 and half the price. Great Looks and Rich Feel (go for Gold Color) , Works very smoothly, Downloads Apps at lightening speed, Good Battery Life Doesn;t heat up at all. GO FOR IT before you miss the fantastic opportunity!  
+  Excellent phone!  I have used so many phones in my life as I love to purchase new gadgets but seriously I'm in love with this handset. Outstanding resolution and touch. Nice sound quality and both front and back cameras are amazing. A very much unlike samsung handset.  
+  Excellent  It is really good and performance is also very good.A good product from samsung.Quality is really superb and is really worth for 15000/-.Actually the slim body will give a posch look and i suggest everyone to take golden colour because it gives a royal look.  
+  best phone at this price  Iam using this phone for 3months.it's performance was not drop down. After updation WiFi automatic disconnection was fixed.   But one thing I don't know how to get the 100gb cloud storage.  
+  Excellent !!  This is my third phone from Flipkart.I am completely in love with j7. the camera is brilliant both rear and front .front camera is excellent for selfie.display is excellent .music specially via headphone is nice. overall I am fully satisfied with my decision to buy this phone     
+  Loved It! Especiaaly the cover  I bought this as a gift for someone else. But totally loved the specs. Great CAM. Smooth Interface. Fast UI response. The easy interface that Samsung provides is excellent for the Senior Citizens ( I bought it for my mother and the white for the spouse) Then I bought a 3rd for the MIL. Thanks Flipkart for the exchange offers on the Big Billion Sale.  
+  Great Phone  Very good phone. Amazing battery life and super camera. Amoled screen is very good.    Way better than other phones in this price range.  
+  Excellent!  A very good display with a decent camera and a powerful processor. Can't expect better than this from a brand like Samsung in the range of 15k.      
+  The best phone from samsung in these range.  Awesome display..videos look amazingly cool..great camera..great UI...front flash is a plus point..good battery..even better with power saving modes.I purchased Gold variant from Flipkart the delivery was very reliable and before time.J7 is the best phone from the Best brand Samsung you can get in these price range.  
+  Totally worth the Money  Been using the phone for more than a week now. Thoroughly satisfied with the performance so far.     Pros:    Fast processor  Good camera  Good Battery Life  Pure android experience and no bloatware  Excellent Speaker  Water resistant( Not tested this though)   Dual Sim slot    but totally i am satisfy this phone... i suggest to all my friend to buy this product.    
+  Value for Money  Asus has manged to put a very good package at a reasonable price.  I liked the phone because  1 - Premium Look  2 - Good Packaging  3 - Quick Charging  4 - Curved back which is easy to hold  5 - 2 GB RAM and Intel gives fast performance  6 - Display is also great    
+  its a greatt phone i bought ZE551ML 2 gb ram. i like its camera features n all about at this prise this phone is awsm. n there r so many functions in this phone. i m happy with this phone only   
+  Best Phone at affordable price  Perfect balance.....I liked the overall performance compared to my previous Samsung Duos...There is no lag using the apps ...A perfect Phone  
+  Excellent... Smooth and Fast.... Slim and elegant look  I am writing the review after using it for 1 month. Excellent Phone, go blindly. Very elegant look smooth and fast... Only problem battery drains quickly if we download more apps  but it is not big issue for me as the phone performance is awsome  
+  ASUS at its best  great moble...  lovinnng Zen Ui   Double tap to wake/sleep is good  Great Support from Taiwan brand ASUS  
+  Amazing phone.Best performance with an intel atom processor, so far I've not faced problems. Till now it's been a beast.Hope I don't face any problems.  Good job asus!!  
+  Best one....I Like it..  I purchased this from Flipkart... I am fully satisfied with the quality and performance of the product and also the service and delivery of flipkart...  Asus Zenfone 2 is best in all means... Both cameras are very good.. pics quality is very good... Battery backup is also good... processing is fast.. no lagging...   Over all ..... it is best one in this prise range...  One improvement will make it wonderful... add flash to front camera plz  
+  Just Amazing!  Stylish looks and high class performance! I completely satisfied with it. Its smooth touch and great performance of camera.  
+  Great phone  I use this phone since 7 month, it works great no lag, no hanging problem, battery,9/10, net speed awesome, but in starting date it hangs several time, when I updated its , the problem , ends, also ZenUI feels, different from croud of Android  
+  SUPERB  I am using this product for almost 1 wk and its doing gr8 from every aspect. It never hangs, never heats up, never lags.... and handles multitasking very smoothly. ASUS Service and support is also very good. Go for this phone  
+  Awesome phone...  Over all a good phone and best value for money. Purchased two of them and enjoying..:) Camera quality and touch response is best in this price segment  
+  awesome phone  best phone between 12-15k range...2gb ram is enough for normal using(except heavy game)...  battery backup in normal  
+  BEST SMART PHONE UNDER 15K..!  First of all thanks to Flipkart for on time delivery.  The phone is absolutely fine. Though it is with 2GB RAM, since equipped with 1.8GHz processor the response is quite amazing. Smooth and responsive touch screen, picture & video quality is also impressive. In a single sentence .....THE BEST SMARTPHONE UNDER THE BUDGET OF 15K..!  
+    vinty  13 Dec 2015  certified buyer  best phone  best phone i bought. no issues. running since i bought without a restart. Solid phone with extraordinary performance. Best camera. Voice quality is too good and wi-fi and cell reception is exceptional. The GPS works awesome.  
+  Good Phone  Nice phone in this price range. awesome camera. nice built. the only issue is that one of the two sims can be only 2g with another 2g/3g. otherwise an awesome phone.  
+  Great phone with great specs  Great phone. I am loving it. Heating problem is there. But only at times only not always. Go for it  
+  SUPERB PHONE......no second thoughts about that  People, dont worry anything about this phone.  It is a work and play machine. I am able to play high graphics game without lagging .The zen ui is also very easy to handle.    
+  Impressed  Well, Ordered this on the last day of the BillionDaySales for my friend, looked at every comment here, as usual it's difficult to judge but I went with this one instead of other phones in this range like Lenovo, moto g3 and Xiaomi mi4i as it has some major heating problems  
+  Camera Quality as well as UI is amazing.  I bought this for my Mother in Law, this is a very good phone with no issues to name at all.  Camera Quality as well as UI is amazing.  No heating or any other issues.  
+  Pretty greate phone  With specs rivaling some high end phones, this phone is an absolute bang for buck phone. Check tomshardware for the in depth review     This phone will probably never get Android M and even if it does, that's pretty much the end of updates for this.    
+  Best Mobile Redmi  Fully customization available in the UI , OS is awesome, with the Hardware  Good in specifications, camera front & rear both excellent  The UI , speed ,screen, everything makes you fall in love   Excellent battery backup, performance and awsome camera  
+  Redmi 2 prime superb!!  I ordered it on 16th October & get it 30th October because if heavy sale of Big Billion day offers.   After a usage of 4 days I say its a awesome phone & you can't better than this at this price. Firstly I noticed that its battery backup just great man, I still can't believe that its a 2300 mah battery. Touch is very sensitive, camera is nice. Sound good, UI is awesome, other features very good.   
+  Heating and Battery drain issue  The mobile produced very much heat while browsing net or calling for more than 5 minutes.Also heavy battery drain issue when phone is not in use.i request a return request and thanks to flipkart they accept it.      
+  Awesome phone  As usual like others , spent quite a lot of time to research to buy a new phone for my wife.Within 8-9k Rs , I had few options , in race was lenove K3 , Honor holly and I was not keen on other brands. looking at users review , I decided to go with Redmi prime 2. Trust me its an excellent phone for its price. stylish , good performance .. I did not see any issues so far wrt battery heating or speaker phone(though the volume is slightly low but not bad) .. I still feel its more than worth money and feel much better than mine for which I spent 21k.  
+  Awesome Deal  I use phone for last 1 month results are very good   Battery backup is also best   No any heating problem  BBBest buy for 7000  
+  Performance of Redmi 2 Prime is Awesome  redmi 2 prime is very good phone and good performance under 7000 Price  front camera is very good & rear camera is ok ok.  overall i can say this mobile is super  
+  Superb phone with this price. Amazing performance so far I have not faced any kind of heating issue while playing. Any mobile if you play games definitely Heat will be generated but it is very less as I feel. Also Xiaomi is a such kind of manufacture who will listen to your complaint and also provide the resolution . The example is after software updatesome mkv videos are not playing from gallery , I highlighted with these bugs with logcats and now they updated a patch with new OTA update which solves the problem. I am not giving the features here becoz all you can find via internet.    
+  awesome phone in 7K range  Hi all,   I am using this phone from last 2 weeks, so far so good.   Pros:   1. No heating issue in general use but heats up a bit while playing HD - 3D games.   2. Good Sound and picture quality, you would love to watch you tube videos.   3. 4.7 inch, perfect size to fit in your hand and pocket.   4 2GB Ram is good. Ram mgmt is good, no lag so far.  5. awesome themes gives new look to your phone every day.   6. Light weight   
+  Best in its segment  -Amazing display  -As I heard MiUi takes up a lot of ram & as it's my first time using it, the 2gb ram does help a lot & the phone doesn't lag & multitasking is seamless  -The camera is the best. Amazing picture quality  -Battery easily lasts 2 days for me with moderate usage. Getting 5-6 hours screen on time  -Heating problem not any more after update of around 600mb.   Go for it. I have had canvas xpress 2 too but this phone beats them all. Best in it's range.   
+  Beast packed with Beauty  Amazing phone. Best in class. I can bet you can't get a beast like this @6999. MI is the future. Till time i can't find any Cons. 2gb ram 16gb inbuilt space with low SAR value is beyond expectation @ this price.     
+  Perfect Buy...!  Awesome performance...!  best option in 7K compare to other brands.  if you want to buy same features in other brands price more than 12K  
+  value for money  phone is awesome. an excellent product by Xiaomi, MIUI little bit cumbersome. but everyone will get in love after using phone for some time. and great battery backup. Hope to see more from Xiaomi  
+  AWESOME  Awesome 1 : Flipkart exchange policy, its so easy and they included almost all brands and models.  Awesome 2 : Flipkart offers, I got it for only Rs. 5400 ( Exchange cash back)  Awesome 3: The Mobile itself, it looks like 10k model, buy BlueRock Back Cover for Xiaomi Redmi 2 Prime, they both are made for each other.  
+  Best Phone in 6999  Good phone.  Fast and responsive.  Almost Similar to Redmi 1s + LTE, 1GB extra memory and 8GB Extra storage  Made in INDIA.  
+  Its a Good mobile at this price  It's really nice mobile to buy at this price i am sure you will not get any mobile in market at this price having so much feature please check the brands the are using to assemble this phone coz other brands will give such feature like its having sony/samsung's camera and other parts which are used all are of well known brands.  
+  the next iphone  The phone is jus awesome.....i was previously using a windows phone....my friends suggested me to buy this mobile..trust me guys the every rupee we spent in this phone is worth it  
+  Simply superb  "THE BEST" budget mobile. Good speed. Less than 7K is the gud price placement among all competitive models  
+  Excellent phone!  Been using this extensively since Oct 2015 and absolutely no flaws at all. Just a bit of heating issue when used for prolong periods, but I guess at this price its awesome!  
+  Mini Beast  just one word excellent it has back camera good and front camera average performance is amazing battery backup is good gaming phone under 7k  
+  nice one  it is a very good handset. touch is very smooth and thems were amazing in this mobile . its a amazing handset in the reasonable price.  
+  AMAZING PHONE..WORTH MONEY..  NO LAG WHAT SO EVER IN GAMEPLAY  JUST IGNORE THE HEATING PROBLEM COZ IT IS JUST LIKE OTHER SMARTPHONES...  STOP COMPLAINING GUYS..YOU WILL NOT GET A BETTER PHONE THAN REDMI 2 PRIME IN 6999/-  
+  PRETTY GOOD. FOR THE PRICE  I'M A HIGH END PHONE USER , AFTER I BROKE MY IPHONE 5S , MY FRIEND TOLD INSTEAD OF GETTING MY IPHONE FIXED , GET THIS CHEAP ON AND LATER ON BUY IPHONE 6S , EVEN I AGREED I BOUGHT THE PHONE AND I WAS AMAZED AT THE QUALITY, ITS NO APPLE OF COURSE BUT IT'S PRETTY STURDY.     CAMERA IS OK.  CALL QUALITY IS NOT AS GOOD   
+  Awesome product  I have been using all three versions of Redmi. All are best at this price. No issues till now.  Sometime battery heating issues if playing games for longer time.  
+  Excellent......Worth for Price  I purchased Redmi 2 Prime through flipkart.....and it got delivered within 4 days.Excellent delivery.  As I feel there are no complaints on this phone because I have been using it for last 3 months.  The only minor drawback I found that when we capture the photos at night vision with flash light,then the photo comes with lightly yellowish tint.  Excellent RAM customization....I get 1.3 GB RAM out of 2GB after each reboot...  Some inbuilt privacy and security systems are awesome.  
+  fantastic  worth to buy...  super charge speed, good battery life  music sound is also awesume  good camera functions  
+  Superb Phone  buy it without thinking a second....awesome phone at this price....Runs smooth...  Pros- There is no cons at all about this phone so i think i need not write anything....the best thing of this phone is its camera....I give it 10 stars  
+  The mobile is really good from all side. User Interface is awesome. In the music player, one can directly access the music files kept in folders.Both the back & front cameras are good. Speaker quality is good.    Overall Best, really nice to have a mobile like this. You can go for it. You will fall in love with it seriously.  
+  very good phone  Redmi 2 Prime is Very Good Phone at this Price like Lenovo and YU, iam using this phone last 6 month, Camera is Good, Battery Backup is good  
+  Good bt still  Really its good mobile at this price...but till some issues are there some network problems...but not all the times...accourding camera its perfect price..nd performence of processor is great.....if they resolve network issue it is Awesome phone of mi at 7000/-rs  
+  Great Phone at a great price  Best phone under 7000. Have been using this for 2 months. No issues till now. works smoothly with 7-8 apps in the background.  
+  It's a really great mobile  The mobile is really good from all side. User Interface is awesome. In the music player, one can directly access the music files kept in folders.Both the back & front cameras are good. Speaker quality is good.  
+  nice phone  loved this product cam quality is superb bulid quality is fab but only problem is doesn't connect to pc suite except that everything is fine  
+  best phone in this price range  using this phone for month n using it as my back up android phone,got it for 5800 in exchange n bank offer so worth it !!call quality is great,rear camera is nice for this range n i didnt found any heating issue n phone never hangs,touch is smooth screen is great too alwz 1gb ram available ,using single sim most of d time n good battery back up for dat dnt know about battery when both sim is active n i dont use front cam of ds phone so cant review it so i m happy with ds phone n any one buying ds phone will not regret their decision.    
+  BEST PHONE AT THIS PRICE  THIS IS THE BEST ANDROID PHONE IN ALL FEATURES UNDER RS. 10000/-. I HAVE NOT FOUND ANY LAGS IN THIS PHONE EVEN AFTER INSTALLING HIGH END GAMES LIVE MODERN COMBAT 5 & ASPHALT 8. CAMERA IS GOOD AND SOUND IS ALSO GOOD. IT WOULD HAVE BEEN BETTER IF SPEAKER WAS PLACED AT FRONT LIKE MOTO E & G. BUT STILL AT THIS PRICE WHAT XIAOMI IS GIVING IS UNBELIEVABLE. THANK YOU.      
+  Proud to purchase two Redmi primes in 12 days gap..  Well I wrote a review for same product on 3rd feb and nothing I have to say because I have purchased same phone again for my family member... U can understand my experience with MI REDMI @ Prime... Refer to my old review on 3rd feb 2016  
+  Good looking phone  My review is very limited about the product in detail, as i recently started using it and still in exploration phase. The first look of phone gives good looks are quite impressive. Display and touch feature are so good (while compared to Lenovo which was my previous phone).  
+  The best phone at this price!  Even after 1.5 years of usage, the device is working completely fine, with no signs of issues of any kind.. Regular updates make the deal sweeter! Hats off to Xiaomi for making this device.  
+  It's awesome  The phone is totally worth 6999 bucks.  The gorgeous display,awesome camera,stunning ui,and other mind boggling specs make it a must have phone for the average users under 7k      
+  Awesome Product  You can blind ally purchase this product,I have use this phone more than 20 days,service is so fast.As per price all features is include in this phone so no need to go for higher price      
+  awesome one .......  just a awesome product to buy . if u r planning to have a smart phone with a comfortable price just go for it ... i have been using it frm 2 mnths i just loved it jst a fav phone  
+  Absolute Fantastic  What an awesome phone. Flipkart Delivery is just superb, There is nothing bad about it. For 6999 INR you get a first class phone.      
+  good budget phone  mi never disappoint me ... this is better phone at such low price   no other company can give a such configurations at this price..      
+  Fantastic Mobile  It is very nice mobile good working big game can be run on this mobile no lags nothing good battery enough for full day good function overview it is very nice smart phone I have three set of same mobile all are working very good and plus point is you will get full support from xiaomi along with bugs update flipkart service very good i recieved all my three sets before estimated time.  
+  Excellent Service  Excellent service, received phone within 10 hours time frame as committed by Seller,   Phone is packed in Good Conditions,     I am using iPhone from last 6 years, & need a dual sim phone due to work,   This phone is solving my purpose,   
+  Awesome Phone!  Brilliant Display, Excellent UI, Nice sound, Slim and light - are some of the features of this phone. Its been a week since I bought this phone and haven't faced any issues so far. The phone responds really well and doesn't feel like a low priced one. The heating issue that everyone are complaining about doesn't occur after the update (800 mb).  
+  Very good device for 13K  I have bought more than 10 devices of MI from flipkart. All are good.  Specially this is very good for 13k. Build quality is very good and very light weight and we can easily use it in single hand.  
+  Mi 4i best mobile  Best mobile.Battery life is good.  No heating problem.  Downloading was very good while installing apps  compared to other mobiles.  Photo clearity is best.  
+  Awesome phone  My first MI phone,  Best design,  Best quality product,  High performance in low price,  I love this phone,  It's really awesome.......  
+  Good value deal  Hello guys    This is the perfect phone in 5 inch display in this price range.  Having an awesome display with performance, battery life, smooth touch and with a nice camera, you cant get more than this in this price. Yes, it heats a bit if you are a heavy user but not too much and its bearable for what you are getting for 13K.  The game play and calls were also smooth.  
+  Simply the best out there  Performance is really good and the screen very clear and crisp. No lags no matter how much you multitask. Sound quality is fine and camera is quite good. This is a killer deal @13k !!!!! ...almost a steal :)      
+  An Awesome Mobile with heating issues!  I never want to mention about the specs as Flipkart already did it! Flipkart delivered the product in 2 days! When I first booted the phone, as others said, it got heated! But as we use, the phone never gets heated too much except while charging! The display is great! The phone's performance is extraordinary! The MIUI is buttery smooth! No need of extra launchers!  
+  It's a Best Phone in its price ramge  I got this phone 2 days after booking. I'm happy with the design, Display, Camera and I didn't see any heating issues like many have mentioned. It is the best phone in it's class. Just go for it.      
+  "SUPERB" is the ONE word i say about Mi 4i  Received in good condition. A little beast with All Great Features. Works like Solid machine. All apps are smooth like Butter.  
+  First impressions  I had a Moto G gen 1 previously. Bought this when I saw the flash sale. After getting used to stock android Lollipop getting acclimatized with MIUI is difficult. Phone gets heated up very quickly especially when you click pictures. The inbuilt apps are taking up too much of RAM. Only 10.89 GB available for use which is a downer compared to 12.9 odd of Moto G. Other than that the phone is pretty fast, compact, bright and weightless. Will get to know better after using it for sometime.  
+  Awesome phone at awesome price  Jabardast Phone at Jabardast price. nice screen, light weight, i have already bought 3 of these for different family members  
+  the best phone in this price category  i brought this darling for 9500 in offer on flipkart. and within a month i brought 3more .the phone is very smooth and no lags. it always ready to do anything. the camera is superb. the clarity and the softness in pictures are awesome. it is playing full hd videos without any lag. the battery back up is satisfied. i am a moderate user and i dont play games in mobile. and i use internet all the day dialy one charge is enough. the wifi connnectivity is superb. it is very slim and well degined and perfectly fit in one hand. display is great.  
+  Good Phone  I bought this phone for Rs.10000 only. Very sleek body. Mi4i has very great display. Lightweight phone. But its not premium phone but for 10 to 13k bucks you can get one. But for this price range its the best buy. Battery is good.    Cons: But this mobile has heating problem when play cpu intensive games like FIFA. But it doesn't heat on games like Asphalt 8.   Camera is of average quality of pics taken it night.  
+  superb phone valu of the money  but phone is heating while playing games and using wifi but good phone and just analysis all the mobile and then come to this mobile camera clarity is good sound decent, display superb, lot of facilitys then only this phone is heating  
+  Good Phone  I have been using this phone from 5th May 2015 i.e Approx 3 months.Initially when i purchased this phone it had heating problem, phone used to heat up quickly but after 1 week or so after purchasing phone the update of 900MB came i updated my phone and Trust me it resolved all the heating problems now i have installed games of 1 gb and 1.5 gb still phone works very properly. So If planning to buy this phone? It is really worth.It has a good display nice build nice camera and MIUI is also nice and There is no lag while playing games and the nice thing is that it charges very quickly. Overall I am happy with this phone at this price tag!!  
+  Excellent buy at this price  i bought this phone two months ago and enjoyed replacing my samsung Duos . Picture quality is good with many options of effects. Battery is good for general use, though i do not use for gaming.  perfectly happy with the product :)  
+  Amazing phone...Sheer beauty  after a long comparison i opted to go for this. the camera qualities are very good, especially the front camera (5 mp)....very sensitive touch screen, good sound and has an exceptionally good display....but did not observe the overheating problem during multitasking even after running the apps for a very long time...u can play subway surfer, clash of clans, Asphalt 8 also .... after playing the subway surfer for 30 mins while charging the temperature was 38 C, which was OK.....update the system and experienced the awesome Mi 4i    
+  Awesome Phone.....Display And Camera Juzzzz Awesome....!!!  Don't think about negative review.....phone is awesome...and yes if you have any problem then flipkart is gave you best solution...best service of flipkart....i have lenovo k3 note and Mi4i But Mi4i Is Far Better Then Lenovo K3 Note...Perfect Phone Under 20k....Flipkart Is Awesome....Thank You Flipkart....!!!  
+  just awesome..........  i have bought mi 4i 3 weeks before ...one of the best phone i have ever used........awesome camera,stunning display,good performance..............it is totally a value for money product.  
+  Nice Phone  excellent phone. Go for it. Excellent video quality. Nice speed. no heating and hanging issues found. nice battery backup.  
+  Awesome Phone  The UI is great. The only thing lacking in MIUI is an app drawer, but still this doesn't cause any problem, rather the UI looks great without the app drawer! The video & camera quality are excellent and are same as told. This non expendable can be a problem for storage lovers/users. And for the ones who are thinking of playing games can also play,it gives a great gaming performance. I read about about some heating issues earlier, but after using this phone in this summer heat(37-45 *C), I didn't face any heating problems. And I hope I do not face any of this in the future.The only problem I feel is its RAM memory, only approx. 1GB is available for use. But the good thing is that all the pre installed apps can be uninstalled.   Overall its a great value for money & I would like to give it a rating of 4.8/5.0.  
+  Excellent  After 14-15 changes , finally my dream phone! Excellent and top notch. The best in business.!!!!. Complete in all features and options, its a pleasure to possess MI4i,better then other handsets in the market in the same price range  
+  Awesome Phone  Its a lovely phone with very good & smart looking in this price range. This phone is very much user friendly & really fast with some heating problem. Battery backup & camera are really good. And also big thanks to Flipkart for speedy delivery.  
+  Oh My Beauty-Best Budget phone  I never used any Xiaomi products before because I never trusted these Chinese and local Indian brand mobiles. But they proved me wrong when I bought it irrespective of heating issues in the reviews. I guess they fixed it with their 800 mb update, so my phone's temperature never crossed 33 degrees. I have used it for 20 odd days but never faced any kind of issue. Camera clarity, display are gorgeous and very sharp. Sunlight display feature of this phone is also amazing. battery backup is for 2 days with moderate use ,I never played any games, so can't really talk about it.    
+  Its superb!!!! thats all  After seeing the reviews of many people regarding the heating issue n all... i Still made a call for this mobile... as the features of this were mind blowing... I didnt find any heating issue n all.. now if you charge your mobile n play games, any device can have that issue,. For me its just wrking flawless... N the camera is 5/5.  
+  Great Phone  Hi Guys,    Writing this review almost after a month of user. Its a great product which is feature rich and specs which are more than enough for the buck you pay.     Have not faced any issue heating till date - touch wood.   Look and feel of the product is great and doesnt give any feeling of cheapness or chineese  loud speaker output is a bit lower.  Camera is good. You need to be bit patient for taking high quality photos.  battery life is good to ok  
+  awesome phone@best price  its wonderful using mi 4i thanks to flipkart for giving the best phone at relevant price   the camera is awesome the HD display is super to watch........ simply super thanks to MI no issues about phone its working quite brilliant and the slow motion camera is awesome wonderful selfies too  
+  Excellent  I bought it during first flash sale and after using it for all these days, all I would like to say is that it is an excellent phone with an outstanding camera and good screen resolution, in true sense it is a value for money phone. I strongly recommend it for anybody who is looking for a good phone but does not want to pay steep price for the same.  
+  It is Worth going for Xiaomi Mi 4i  I got the mobile on June 6th, 2015. It was delivered by Flipkart just in 2 days. It is worth buying the model Mi 4i. Some of the Reviews about this phone mislead the buyers. It is not getting hot even if we browse continuously for more than one hour. Display is very good.  
+  excellent product  i purchased this product two days back..excellent packing by flipkart..about the product  Awesome phone...no lags..no heating problem...great UI....    
+  The Great Mi 4i. True value for the money.  It would be around rupees 25k if the same phone has been manufactured by major brands like Samsung, HTC, Sony, LG. So we're paying just half the price for a beautifully well built phone by Xiaomi.  The phone has absolutely no issues. As many mentioned here, it's not over heating, not even before the update and no low ringing volume issue found, the loud speaker is loud enough for a phone. at least with my device.   Sometimes there's a little lag in the performance. Yes, only sometimes.    
+  Awesome Mobile Phone at this price  After updating the software, there is no heating occurs in the phone.   High display quality  Awesome camera(front and back both)  16 gb is enough , if u want to store many songs and videos  LightWeight and slim  Battery quality is also good    
+  Excellent value for money  Very happy with this phone.  Battery life is excellent, speakers are decent and camera is awesome.    Overall very happy with the purchase and flipkart delivered it in one day!  
+  Amazing phone  Amazing phone with cyanogen.....22k ...it's a steal deal.....snapdragon 801 with 3gb ram .......64gb internal ....13mp camera.....best phone ever !!!!!!!!  
+  Excellent phone... go for it!  This is the best phone in it's range. Great build quality, sleek, great display, good battery life. Only grouse (as I have read is) negative feedback on after sales service.. I hope OP improves their ASS. My phone has come with a screen guard installed. OP company confirmed that it is company installed.. was worried initially :) overall a good buy..  
+  one pluse one is the best one...  it looks aswome as well as it futures are so attractive to other smart phone..rear camera was too good and picture contrast is very prominent.i suggest to go for it  
+  awesome  m using this cell its ultimate phone with good specification so i would like to suggest every one over all its awesome phone  
+  The perfect One  Have been using OPO for the past week and love every but of it.  Display quality is awesome. The phone is super responsive. Came with Android 4.4.4 based CyanogenMod 11 but received OTA update to Lollipop based CyanogenMod 12.  Battery life is also pretty good.  I believe this has been the perfect choice for me.  
+  I am happy with my oneplus One  I am happy with my oneplus One phone. The product offered by Flipkart is exactly as per their promise. I would recommend purchasing this for all who want to have smartphone.  
+  Excellent Product for the offered price and exchange offer.  This is an excellent product for users who wish to trade in their old devices. I did the same and got a decent discount of 2K along with additional discount of 1.5K with SBI debit card on first day launch offer. It was delivered in 3 days of the order.  I hope we get a similar deal soon on Oneplus 2, I am looking forward to buy it :-) . Good work Flipkart and OnePlus.  
+  A good One  Has been using for past one month and surely is a good phone. Its fast, good display and a its tough enough to handle major drops from 4 to 5 feet heights(had dropped thrice in first two days)    But its still good.  
+  Excellent Phone to have  One Plus One is excellent phone to have. Flawless touch, lightening fast control, awesome camera quality . Good service by flipkart too in delivering the phone on time as promised  
+  Best phone ever !!  Best buy for money.  Pros: (1)Best sound quality with AudioFX  (2) Best Camera we can set aperture, focus mode etc  Cons: No cons  
+  awesome phone !!  I bought the phone through flipkart,as usual delivery was fine.  The phone doesnt have cyanogen logo on the backside  initially it runs on cyanogen 11 and android 4.4.4. but it got updated to cyanogen 12 running on android 5.0.2 within a hour.  it already has a screen guard on top of the phone.you may or maynot add an extra screen guard/tempered glass.  everything else regarding the phone is perfectly alright and running very smooth and fast.  the phone also comes with a 2A charger,which charges the phone very quickly.      
+  Very Good  2 days back I purchased this phone. After using 2 days I think I have made a wise decision. The phone is good and very responsive. The phone is lasted 2 full days on full charge. Value for money.  
+  Every penny spent on this is worth  One best product.   High end tech specs for today one can expect.  Never hangs, never heats up.. best battery.. cool features  
+  superb  this is a superb mobile.thnx for flipkart for making it available with such a good discounts.this phone is way better than other chinese brands.may be after launch of one plus 2 v might get price cut for this phone.  
+  good one  Very good phone in my aspect little bit pricey. Should hv been under 17k.   Just 1 Con i find that dampens the spirit of buying is that no Earphone or headset comes along with it.    Have been using this for more than a week now.  
+  Superb phone!!!  I got the phone a week back and must say, I have been extremely happy with the phone. It looks awesome, performs like a beast and has an excellent camera. Both the front and back camera take awesome pictures with great detail and quality. Don't think any phone in this price can match OPO's camera.  
+  Great phone for an unbelievable price!  Very good value for money. The camera of this phone is truly amazing (both rear and front). Photos are very clear and bright. I was surprised by the quality of pics for a phone of this price range. Voice quality is very good. It has all the features of any high end phone. The 64 GB inbuilt memory in this phone is more than enough. You never will feel the need of a memory slot. Screen brightness is also very good. It is very slim and light weight and gives you a good grip to hold. Overall its a steal.  
+  Good Specs, great price  The phone is great, great specs. For the price range the phone is awesome. The phone would be just brilliant if it had an expandable memory slot. The phone heats up at times during intensive processor usage which at times is a little scary  
+  I am a Beast  Close your eyes and buy this phone without any hesitation, i am using this from last 6 months and what say...he is the answer to all your questions.    Samsung : Wanna take a pic , wait the screen is loading and after loads of struggle the camera opens.    1+1 : Wanna take a pic, shot me 20 times and dont wait. Here you have 20 pics in 20 clicks.    Battery life, Camera quality, Speed is awesome...go grab the beast and say hello to 1+1.      
+  Excellent  I give full marks to OPO. Using it for more than 10 days. Performance, Looks, Ergonomic, Sound, Video, Connectivity makers have think of all aspects.  
+  Stunning and beast !  I have never wrote a review for any where in internet. but since i brought this beast.. i m simply love it. its my 5th phone starting from nokia 3310. lol :-) i am pretty much satisfied.  Those who get bore with the stock android go for this. cynogenmod will never make you feel bored. Buy the official Oneplusone tempered glass screen protector along with this. You got to remove the plastic film which has oneplusone directions printed on it. and then another protective film which comes from factory and then put the tempered glass.  
+  The best phone  Nothing can beat this phone and especially at this price. Would say still the best phone in android even after 1 year of launch...   The battery performance is awesome. More than 25hr battery life with full time calls for 7office hours, n then gaming and music..      
+  The best android smartphone under 25K  I am using this device since 7-8 months and I am very happy.  Battery lasts for more than 1 day with wi fi on full time.  Screen is great. On screen buttons option is great.   You can apply different themes. Camera is awesome.  
+  Awesome device and good offer from Flipkart  After Blackberry and I phone and Windows Phone this is my First Android phone.. i have never been so happy with Flipkart for the support and the service that they have provided.  i did not receive the charging plug along with the phone was sad about it though,,but then i get a sms that a charger is also shipped and i shall get it the next day, that indeed delighted me.  
+  Oneplus One  I have used more than a dozen smartphones and this one is byfar the best one i have owned.  Cyanogen mod really makes this phone stand apart. The phone is fast. The camera is very good with tons of features and customization options.  Best Phone in this price range!!!  
+  Nice Phone  Worth spending so much money for this phone. Faster Speed and great look gives a satisfaction of money spend on this phone...  
+  not expected firstly but excellent  Recent reviews are extremely hilarious. I think exchange offer is not true for some phone like s6 and I phone. I also think w s retails subsidiary of Flipkart is not having stock and they are expecting it, other wise they are very fast in delivery. I ordered it on 23rd June yet to receive messages of shipping. I contacted Flipkart, they gave me time till today and then today message came regarding tomorrow .I think tomorrow they will be delivering the items from the store.  now i had the phone for quite few days and this phone is huge. battery is very good irrespective of 5.5" screen. there are certain limitations but it is of android system. cyanogen and android 5.0.4 upgrades were there in less than fifteen days.   one plus one is real one phone.   
+  Awesome mobile  I am using this phone since 8 months.  You will not get any better at this price.  To be frank, this mobile is equally worth of a 40-50k mobile.  best company ever.  
+  Best ever  Purchased this phone 4 months ago. One of the best beast in the market. Looking forward to oneplus two now. And hey guys why would you want yo sell of your iPhone 6 , if you have the guts to buy 60k + phone m sure you could buy this set too.. Me mum has iPhone 6plus and she doesn't bother for oneplus one or oneplus 10 dude...guess you guys are just flashing your iPhones .... No biggie it's just an iPhone ....   
+  Amazing phone  This is a amazing phone with loaded features and at the same time donot have that cheap chinese feel. But I have one question from flipkart, after setting such high standards on delivery it is a big let down that even after 3 days of ordering, you have NOT yet sent the mobile  
+  Best phone within 25k...  This is a High Quality, High Performance device without any heating Issues. Simply AMAZING device...  Initially their consumer service was not good in India, but they are doing it right now.  
+  The Best Phone in the price budget right now !! awesme!!  It an phone features nearly makes up to nexus 6 and the mobile in the feels great slim light weight . U Dont have to think twice before buying this .  
+  It cannot get better than this!  Well i have been using this product for over 6 months now, and i would say i am very impressed. Every thing about this phone is so good. I am rocking on CyanogenMod OS 12, and its very snappy. You will Never Regret If you purchase this phone. NEVER SETTLE!!      
+  Class phone...!! Go and get it .  One of the best phone I have ever used.  Qualcomm snapdragon 801 chipset, 64g rom and 3gb ram at rs 18500 wow & design of the year.  Class phone for mass people , go and grab it.      
+  awsome phone on this price.....  no words......guyz i reqst u to buy this phone..........  certified buyer    Best phone in 10k and delivered within 24 hours by Flipkart.  Pros:  Full HD Screen.  13 MP rare and 5MP front camera with good Quality .  Faster than any other phone like Moto gen 2nd generation, red mi note.  Long Battery life, used almost full day with 3g and for downloads, still 40% battery left.  Touch is good.  Dolby music system is awesome with good sound quality.  No heating problem.    
+  Great device ever in Samsung in current price range.  Super display, super touch, super speed, super camera, super look...   heating- no way.   sound - not more but decent  
+  best phone ever from samsung  Samsung galaxy j7 is one of the great phone like another high range phone but it give all features as high price phone...... but its mid range........ so nice phone as per my view if you willing to low range phone by high features then pls go with this phone  
+  Great Phone Value For Money - Samsung J7  I have buy 2 Samsung Galaxy J7 Phone.  Got this phone on the Next day I ordered. Thanks to Ekart for fast service.     Processors : -  The Samsung Galaxy J7 has a Snapdragon 615 octa-core processor (four cores at 1.4GHZ and four at 1GHz) with Adreno 405 graphics. In some regions the phone has a 1.5GHz Exynos 7580 octa-core processor and Mali-T720MP2 GPU.  Display  
+  GOOD  The phone booting is very good.  Camera is fine  Some body put in their review sound is very less.  but sound is good for me  
+  Good delivery with Great product!!  This phone is best in this range. Specially the camera of the phone is too good. Overall performance of the phone is also amazing. I also suggest this phone for those who want to buy a mid range smartphone with main features like good camera, fast, reliable. This phone comes with 5.5 inch display, it might not sound good for those who don't like big screen. The display of the phone is great, despite of less ppi the display of this phone look amazing. The colour saturation is also up to the mark. The battery performance is surpassing. I bought it on 29th january and my experience till date is satisfying.  
+  Nice product.  I have ordered this phone. Packed nicely. Flipkart delivery is very fast and it will get within 3 days.   Nice phone  No complaints till now.   Camera is best in class   No hanging problem.  I loved it.  
+  Awesome  Best Product with all required features. Light weight and battery performance is good. Value for money.  WSR is very best retailer  
+  Samsung Galaxy j7 gold color awesome  Samsung Galaxy j7 good budget phone with awesome features it has powerful octa core processor and 5.5inch super amoled display with metal body but little con of ram has low memory 1.5gb only rest of all features are very fine it's camera 13.0 mega which is very good and 5.0 mega selfie camera also quite good bettery 2900 mah quite awesome light sensor for automatic brightness not available I recommend it for low end users.  
+  awesome Phone. Go for it  Got this phone yesterday. First of all hats off to Flipkart for awesome delivery time.   Now coming to the phone:  1. Build Quality: 5/5  2. 2 GB of RAM with no bolt ware, and awesome RAM management: 5/5  3. Screen size could have been bigger as we are getting 5.5 inch screen on Honor 4x: 4/5  4. Resolution is perfect for the price range and PPI makes it much better. 5/5  5. Battery life is too good.Even though it is having only 2470 mAH battery, with 30% charge, I downloaded about 30 apps on WIFI, used whatsapp on 4g and little bit of gaming, used torch and over all used phone for 4 hours but when got up in the morning battery was still at 10%: 5/5  6. Camera quality is good and they gave Slow motion video feature as in Iphone that is more than awesomeeeeee: 5/5  
+  Awesome Product  Plus Points:  Good Camera with Good Light.  No Lag, No hanging.  Light Weight.  Superb Battery Backup.  On time Delivery    
+  Awesome Product  Nice Product. Motorola has seriously work on many area of this Phone, Camera is good & Build Quality is fine(expecting Metal Body :P). Back panel looks awesome.  Received Product on Time, thanks to One day delivery option.      
+  Best Smart phone  I am a long time user of motorola smart phones (starting with Motorola Defy). I always love motorola phones for ruggedness but always lacks in camera department. Finally motorola use a good camera module for the budget line phones. Camera really works in well natural light, at artificial light it performance is above average considering the low price  
+  Excellent peice . Must have with you  Excellent peice . Must have with you  All feature are awesome.  Great build quality and battery performance  
+  Best Budget Mobile  First of all thanks to flipkart for free in a day delivery.  Best Android within 11k.  Display - 4/5   Camera - 4/5 (Lenovo K3 note is slightly better)  Performance - 5/5  Battery - 5/5 (though it is 2470 mAh but it is enough for 1 day backup.)  Last and most important is it is ipx7 water resistance which is 10/5 .    
+  superb mobile  I had to get a phone within budget of 10k- 15k. First was confused between many options like Lenovo k3 note, Samsung J7, MI, etc. Then this phone was launched, was so impressed by its features and specifications that I ordered for it, taking a chance. Got my MOTO G 3rd GEN phone on time and it was a good delivery by FLIPKART as usual ... After extensively using the phone Iam giving my reviews in order to help other guys thnking of purchasing this phone.   
+  Great phone within this price tag  I have been using this phone since one month. Build quality is really premium and I have faced no Lags.     Battery : Battery backup is really good , it easily lasts for 1 day on medium usage. Charging is also fast.      Gaming :Game play is smooth for graphic hungry games such as Asphalt 8 etc.   Display : Display is crisp with 294 ppi , but earlier i have used a phone with a Super AmoLED screen , so i personally feel that AmoLED is better than IPS LCD screen.     
+  Very Nice Laptop  This notebook is very excellent in performance, look and quality.   Flipkart delivered it in 2 days. Awesome packing. Battery backup is nice.Those who are looking for a laptop in 40 k surely go for it. Best Buy      
+  awesome product  i wil give 0 ut of 0 i am very happy to buy this product it is awesome product donot miss the chance i found this product at 38000 while its price at hp showroom was 44700 . it work very smooth and its speaker is also good but one thing is wrong that seller dont give laptop acessories as hp showroom give like screen gaurd keygaurd protector mouse etc but overall it is awesome product at this range.ITS colour is aiso good its keyboard is awesome and thnks to seller who deliverd at limited period of time. it give good battery backup    
+  Awesome product. Worth for your money!!!!  The packaging from flipkart was just awesome.  Going to the product pro's-   Slim, light weight, first processing.   Cons- sound is not loud.    
+  Good budget option.  Pros :   For 27k this is the best you can get.  1TB Hard Disk,  4GB RAM,  Windows 10,  and AMD APU A8.  Good one.   Cons :   No backlit keys,  Speakers placed at the bottom   Other than the above mentioned cons, overall a nice product,  
+  awesome product at awesome price point  I received my new notebook within 2 days of ordering. The package was well protected and safely packaged. The lappy took about 45-50 minutes for the intial setup.    Pros:  1. Win10 offers smooth experience  2. looks premium with its cross brush design.   3. 1 TB space for the stuff I use regularly.  4. the lappy feels cool even after continuous usage of 7-8 hours.  5. Though it is 4 cell battery but offers 4-5 hours continuous browsing over wifi    
+  Best Value for Money  I have purchased this laptop on 22/09/2015. It was delivered to me on 25/9/2015 and I have been using this ever since.     Observations:    Pros:    Performance is OK for basic office applications, I am even running another OS inside vmware and it runs very smoothly.  Build quality is good.  No heating issues encountered in normal usage (No gaming).  Additional software from cyberlink is pre-installed along with some other bloatware.  Excellent after sale service by HP  
+  awesome deal all the way  Was looking for an AMD based lappy. found a notebook after so much of research which gives performance like i5 at a much cheaper rate.. Thanks to flipkart.. I got an awesome deal.. ie big billion day and exchange offer through which i got almost 8K discount.. Thanks to flipkart and BTW it was my birthday present :)    Through my research online, i found out that those who play graphics demanding games, they should go for intel processors and those who work on graphic demanding softwares (movie editing, matlab etc) AMD is the best choice.. So i picked this notebook and it gives good performance.. Super fast booting and shut down.. decent battery backup and wont get stuck while playing HD movies while operating in battery (as in the case of my old compaq notebook).. Windows 10 is awesome.. So altogether it was a superb deal  
+  value for money  The product is very good and is suitable for students doing  engineering also.Vacant RAM slot means after upgrading  RAM the system will run lag free even while running heavy  IDE's like visual studio or eclipse.  
+  Awesome product..Great Price  I purchased this laptop at Rs.21237-on BBD..  After lot of waiting and Searching I have buy this laptop.  For this specs u will have pay more than 30K in market.(Also this laptop avail in HP store in 32K-Thanks to Flipkart).  
+  This is a best laptop for this price.  It is a best laptop for this price.  It can support high graphics games also like NFS the run - 15.2GB and also portal - 2.  It has nice look and slim also.  
+  Best Buy!  Got just under 24k!  Totally worth buy  You don't get laptop bag, but it's ok I guess. You can get a good laptop bag pack for Rs.700 on Flipkart!  Keyboard is super comfortable..... Even the track pad is very responsive!  It has stereo speaker at the bottom... Which is quite descent.  Display Quality is also good!  CAN HANDLE HEAVY TASKS EASILY!   I'm reviewing this laptop after using it for around THREE MONTHS!  
+  Awesome Product!!!  Awesome device.  Works very well with the Windows 10 and AMD processor.  Very good product, go for it guys.    Pro's:    1. Win10 offers smooth experience  2. looks premium with its cross brush design.   3. 1 TB space for the stuff I use regularly.  4. the lappy feels cool even after continuous usage of 7-8 hours.  5. Though it is 4 cell battery but offers 4-5 hours continuous browsing over wi-fi  6. Light weight.    
+  Best Laptop in this range  Hi   I have purchased this laptop from flipkart and this laptop is very excellent under this price. I was looking for laptop but under my budget. Now I am very happy and I am using it for more than a month and it is working great.  
+  Good configuration  I purchased the product last month and till now, it was working fine without any issues. No heating problem, original window 10 OS and processor is too fast.     Thank you flipkart for the another best service.  
+  Great Laptop  A must buy for those looking for a great laptop under 30K. Winddows 10 is amazing. MS Office is not included so you'll have to buy one.  
+  Good Laptop for good price  I was so excited once i saw an offer for this product at Rs. 19950.  Placed an order immediately and got it delivered the very next night.  Highly appreciated and was really worthy for the amount i paid.        
+  Perfect laptop for everyday use.  It's a perfect laptop for everyday use. Forget about the crap you hear about i3 being better than AMD. You won't notice a bit of a difference unless you use atomic clock to calculate milliseconds. Amazing graphics, smooth performance, no heating and decent battery backup. Couldn't have asked for more at this price.  Flipkart service was excellent.    
+  AWESOME PRODUCT OF HP  HP 15-af114au notebook is best and awesome product in this price range.its looking handsome,1 TB Hard dis,4 GB RAM,battery backup is good about 4 hours.Besides,sound is very nice.Everything is nice in this product but one disappointment is no light in keypad.  
+  good product and worth to buy  i bought this laptop through my friends credit card and product was delivered before estimated time of arrival.  1. laptop looks very attractive, inner designs are awesome and outer silver cross pattern is also good.  2. speakers , camera, keyboard is good and entire design is really good  3. AMD processor in this laptop is really working good (been a month) and no lag and it is same as of intel i3, so need not worry considering intel i3  4. after purchasing the laptop update its bios to get 1600mhz, originally u recieve with 800 mhz only, just requires a good internet connection to update  5. windows 10 is really awesome  
+  best laptop nothing to say other than this  best laptop under 25k   u get good screen   battery life is also good  fullsize keyword  good touchpad  windows 10 outofthebox  1tb hard drive  amd a8 quad core processor which is much better than intel i3   amd radeon graphics processor   4 gb of ram   u get the best laptop brand of 2015 which is hp  it have no cons  I have just used it for 1 day  subscribe to my youtube channel chaitanyadivshikar is the name of my youtube channel  I am going to review of this laptop   don't not listen to the others comment about false specs or false product it is totally originally hp product     
+  Awesome!  I bought it for 22989 rs it is an awsom laptop with nice performance better than i3 5 th Gen.. And awsom battery backup upto 6-7hours of normal usage  
+  Great Product!! Value for Money!!  Awesome Laptop with great features, super performance!!  aesthetically looks super!!, good design, fast performance, great display, very good battery backup,  super fast processing speed, can play heavy games without any graphic issues..  Value for money, just go for it...      
+  Value for my money  It met my expectations...Never thought of getting a laptop with all these spec at this cost..... Everything was pre installed, Except the MSoffice activation. Other than that ,so far am happy with the product  
+  EXCELLENT PERFORMANCE  if you are not into gaming or multitasking and all that matters is browsing and office and multimedia then this is where to zero in. I found the whole experience of using this notebook at par with any other intel powered laptop for basic purposes. Sometimes all you need is a good laptop a basic one and for them this is the one.  
+  A good product with lower price  A good product in cheaper rate    Intel is highly in demand but AMD A8 is same compared to Intel I3.    I was waited so long for a good product at lowest rate and finally find this one.  4 GB RAM & 1 TB HDD is all what I need but estimates of such specifications are out of my budget.    Thanks to flipkart for valuable product and discounts on it.      
+  This is best under 20K price  There is no heating issue as compared to earlier model. However due to McAfee antivirus I see that while scanning the CPU bar raises to 100%, disc utilization raises to 100%. McAfee comes pre-installed which reduces this laptop performance and scanning takes lots of time around 2 to 3 hours for 1TB. During these times you cannot do any extra work because it become further slow.    I purchased Symantec antivirus and could see that it scans quickly where CPU and disc utilization always lower than 30%. This helps my laptop to scale and faster for other application.  
+  Great Laptop. Superb Performance. Good Price.  This is Great to have windows 10. The OS is Good & Smooth. Laptop is having Fine Design & Colour. Performance is Good with Quad core Processor & 4 GB RAM. Have 1 TB Hard Drive. That's Great especially if you have lot of Stuff in your PC.     Overall Recommended. Great Performance. Pricing is Good. Go for it.  
+  Excellent  It took some time to write this review, post purchasing the product. However, it was worth the wait. Fabulous product. Checked with HP (Customer Care). Gave them the serial number and they confirmed that the product given is a genuine product and is covered under for 1 year. IN fact they assisted in partitioning the hard drive. They also helped in configuring my HP printer too.    Kudoos. They have confirmed that the product is genuine and it is registered with HP and hence support was easily available as mentioned in the earlier paragraph. Excellent product when compared to the specifications of other competitors and cost wise....very economical..  
+  amazing service from flipkart.nice product of HP  laptop is nice...loaded with win 10....fast enough booting as compared to win 8 and win 7....battery backup amazing...no heating issues with long duration use....screen resolution is fantastic....and above all fast delivery by flipkart  
+  Good value for money  Havent yet used the product much, However, with the limited use, I feel that the product is good value for money. I got it fro about 18000 , including 4000 exchange bonus.  
+  Nice product  I have bought this laptop for my home use. And it fits n fulfills all my basic needs of media and bit of work. Worth every penny u spend.  
+  Great Laptop  Cheapest laptop in this range..  if u are not a professional requiring high end computing or an avid gamer, u should go for amd processors, they are great for general use...    the boot up time so less...hard to believe.  i found no cons but all pros:  cheap  great display  1 Tb hard disk- lot of space.  Windows 10..  HP diwali offer was great- 3 years warranty  
+  Nice Laptop  Really nice look, light weight laptop. Win 10 user friendly. i bought this laptop at 22500, and it was fast delivered with packing in good condition.  
+  Great performance & Stylish looks with Windows 10  I ordered laptop and thanks to flipkart, delivered on time and good package.  Im amazed by the stylish design & looks of the laptop esp cross brush pattern and keyboard is built is good.  Very simple steps to start & configure windows 10. It takes some time for configuring some settings when we first login. I boots really fast and also shutdown is very quick.  I used Lenovo earlier but in this the angle of viewing is really great with amazing display.  No heating issues in usage (No gaming as of now).  The sound output is nice.  Quick responsive touch pad.  I did not check the battery backup till now.  
+  Best Budget Laptop.  Everything Is Working Fine And Its Best Laptop In This Price Segment.  Loved It. AMD processor working like I5 processor.  Boot Time Is Less Than 5sec.  Overall Its Best In This Price.      
+  Go for it!  Very decent laptop!good for daily work and battery backup with wifi is ~6 hours.But if you want something for good sound quality(With speaker) this is the worst one.However my Sennheiser with this hp works fine.    Go for it !  
+  great product!!  i bought in Big Billion day around 20k with my sbi debit card as well as at discounted product also till yet and writing my review now i specially recomend to buy it no heating great display i use to play games to it and daily heavy use of my office as well as my home performing its best ....  
+  Great Value!  This review was written on this very laptop. So don't go by any false reviews by people who have voiced their opinions on this laptop merely by reading about it.  This laptop presents excellent value for money, precisely what I was looking for. The configuration is much better than what you would normally get at this price.  Its been a couple of days since I've had it delivered by Flipkart. I'm running Windows 8.1 without any issues. Like rightly mentioned by the last reviewer, the build quality is great. Really happy with the purchase.  
+  Great Product! People please confirm before posting........  This is my second laptop (I previously owned another Lenovo) and it performed better than the old one at a cheaper rate! I simply love this laptop and writing this review from the very same and more than a month of using. Its great for gaming as I played games like Far Cry 4, Assassin's Creed Unity and Counter Strike Global Offensive in maximum graphical settings possible with no lag. Also I read some reviews which stated that it has a bad screen grading issue or it has only 1GB of graphics. This is not true. I assure you that the display is good enough and it does have 2GB graphics. If you wa (Expand)  
+  BEAST...........!!!!!!!!!  I bought this laptop mainly for gaming...i have been using it since last month and it has done me great service..lenovo well done i played DmC on ultra graphics although it is well optimized i would like to recommend this to all the game lovers who are tight on budget.!!!  
+  Awesome Phone, Great job by Flipkart.  Phone is great, kind of huge. Others have covered it well. The case is pretty much a waste. I have to order a new one. Screen is gorgeous. Battery life is also amazing. Overall, very happy with the phone.     Phone was delayed and I got a refund of 1k for the delao. However, FlipKart really nailed the delivery. Delivered the night before Diwali at 9:30 PM. Awesome Diwali gift from Flipkart  
+  A Beast  The best Android smartphone till date. It's smooth, the display is awesome, color reproduction is very very good and it charges really fast. It looks stunnng and premium. Worth everyone  
+  BEST ANDROID PHONE---FLAGSHIP KILLER  Really Friends I am very happy to have this phone.....if your budget is 40K.......just go for it.......best in all class (look, specs, and of course the leading nexus (pure android) in the world). Thanks Flipkart.....quality service and delivery both are 5/5.  
+  Best android phone right now, period !!  Premium looks   great feel in hand  Good battery  great camera and display  Flawless performance.   And the fingerprint sensor works so good!!  
+  Excellent Android phone  Excellent phone.. No complains.. Best Android phone at present.. Switched from nexus 5.. Huge improvement in camera and battery backup..      
+  Nice product  very faster than HTC products, also using iphone 6s, photo quality is similar. other features are also nice, speed when using games and multitasking is most impressive  
+  Great phone !!!!  Phone is with 1GB RAM & 16GB ROM with excellent features... MediaTek MT6592, Octa Core strong processor handles multiple tasks which will not make you feel that you are using phone with 1 GB RAM..excellent camera quality rare & front...good battery backup... MediaTek MT6592 processor also keeps close eye on your battery draining,...which makes it energy efficient !!!!!      
+  Veery good phone in this price range  we have received it before one month ego and product found in very good condition and 100 % original and it working properly ............ no doubt any kind great phone in this price range ... with excellent phone  
+  awsme phone  i purshed it from a shop and it phone quality just awsme no hang..and very fast speed and looks very beautifull.  About looking just awsme and sound is also awsme.  Battery backup also very good.  My opinion is go for this phone....ITS a brand may you will get bettar configuration in less price but brand is brand................so go for this set............      
+  good product  i am using this product its very good product ,camera quality is also good battry backup is not bad  i am fully satisfied with this phone  
+  Good  Very good work touch and rem r so good work i install the game high quality performance     use r goood mery coool and good moobile  
+  Good Phone in HTC  First to review  certified buyer  Great phone !!!!  Phone is with 1GB RAM & 16GB ROM with excellent features... MediaTek MT6592, Octa Core strong processor handles multiple tasks which will not make you feel that you are using phone with 1 GB RAM..excellent camera quality rare & front...good battery backup... MediaTek MT6592 processor also keeps close eye on your battery draining,...which makes it energy efficient !!!!!  
+  Great Phone  Fall in love with HTC....Really a great phone. stylish look and mobile cum tablet as the screen size is 5.5 Inches. Nice handsome display....camera perfect voice clarity and no hanging problem at all... writing review after using 10 days hardly...one can go with this product blindly  
+  Excellent Phone and excellent delivery  Excellent product. Wife has not complained yet though she was quite apprehensive of online purchase but I had my trust on ws retail. The set was delivered to us timely and properly. Thank you flipkart and ws retail.  
+  very good  awesome product im all ways love for htc that one is vary nice product , worth for money vary good , i recommend for all  
+  Awesome phone  It's been a day since I've got my phone. First of all I would like to thank flipkart for its prompt service. I've received the phone within a span of 2 days. The device was well packed.  HTC 626 device is highly recommendable. The device is Elegant in its looks. The touch is so swift. Camera's quality is more than awesome. I've read few bad reviews regarding camera's quality, those can be completely ignored. Battery backup is efficient. Sound quality is also good. As of now I've not encountered a problem with my device. You can opt for this phone without a second thought.      
+  good phone  I bought the phone 4 days back. So far the performance is good. The main camera gives brilliant pictures. The front camera is not up to the mark. Even though it has 1 gb ram the speed is good. But the battery takes long time to get full charge. Once fully charged it stands for two days. Over all it is a decent phone in this range. I preferred HTC for its camera. I am enjoying.  
+  Great Phone  It is a worth to buy phone.....Amazing looks,Excellent rear Camera,Fabulous Display,absolutely no lagging( after one month of use),Great touch, front camera is good for selfies but not much sharper camera like other 5 megapixel rear ones,due to its classy design n sleek body it fits easily in hands.    cons- Battery backup is average so you have to charge it twice...buying a power bank is a good solution if you r a hard user.  headphones supplied are mere average only good for calls.  speaker sound is low .    overall a great deal ....I am happy to buy it...!!!  
+  Excellent Phone !!!!!  Using this phone from last 1 month.... faced no problem at all. Very cool looks....very light weigth and sleek design....even though battery and RAM specs are low but the performance is very good. device standby time is also very good...does not unnecessary consumes battery. with normal usage it easily runs for 1 - 1.5 days. camera is very good, speed is awesome......I think it is better to purchase this phone than purchasing those sub standard phones like Moto G 2nd Gen, Red MI etc which will come with many defects.... Go for it !!!!!!!  
+  awesome  this extremely good product and give us good durability, this is product of HTC nd this company world first company to make mobile phone.so this company give best product always.never compromise with quality and work performance  
+  Good and Best one!!!  I was in a dilemma over a month to choose between Black berry and HTC. Finally got this one. Display, Touch, Looks, Camera all takes good. only constraint is the battery life(1.5 days), manageable. Camera is amazing. you can go for it. I really don't regret getting this  
- This product is not as described. there is no silver color its a default plastic color which they mentioned as silver color. phone quality is not good as its screen broken on bed during sleep.
- don't buy, battery life worst, charring more than 10 hours, but battery die in with in 2 hours, speaker also worst
- After 2 weeks of use mobile stopped working. No sound and unable to return to
- its very poor quality product.,most of the times i did not receiving the calls, its charging pin also not working properly and recently it was burned too..what i should do???
- This is not a good phone. Battery Backup is poor, Low sound while picking any call, Takes long time to process, Takes long time to open any play list or stored pictures.
- Nice mobile in nice price. I purchased this mobile. After one week it's sound give bad effort . I suggest please choose samsung for this type essential phone.
- The mobile i received was faulty. I asked for replacement, the replaced mobile is also faulty. Problem is poor reception, poor transmission. Even when i use a well tested SIM, the caller gets a message that phone is unavailable. I asked for refund. The refund amount shown is zero because the product was replaced free. The refund amount should be Rs. 937.
- Worst product . It's only four months and the mobile conked off and I cannot even look for a service centre near by. Very worst this makes the difference between Nokia and micro max Never buy this phone I don't want to give any star to this product but without a star I cannot post my review hence giving a star
- I hav ordered but not shows the display I have returned but I got my money back after long time
- This mobile is a S***!!!!! it is damaged...not working from 3 months of date of purchase....cant return it or no WARRANTY!!!1
- This app is not good.i don't like this app I am waiting 1 hours and but not deal with this mobile phone order and deal out ?
- Please do not buy this phone. Waste of money. Speakers are very bad. Pressing the keys is hard. Headphone is also not good.
- I am a newbie in the world of Amazon and opened an account only last week. The first product that I went for was the micromax X088. This was a gift for my mother on her birthday, but unfortunately the mobile charger was faulty. This was really frustrating as i could have bought it from a shop and got an instant replacement. Here Iam wasting my time for more than a week waiting for the new piece to arrive and I have nothing to give my mother on her birthday. This was a bad experience for a first timer. I hope the new piece is a good one.
- music playing is good. but while call. the recieving speaker is very very very poor
- Very very poor...Cell's charger was not charging , hind typing was not working.
- The worst product from Micromax. Battery is worst and microphone is far worst.
- Very bad mobile . The sound is not clear , Nokia is best in basic mobile set
- It's not a gud phone ,if u want to buy new basic ph go for Nokia and samsung
- Product is not good .battery back up is less than 1 hour ...it is not good
- it's bed product don't by an amazone customer care not responce.
- worst mobile sound is not great, put 100 rs and get better one
- microphone is so bad. Cant hear what does the caller say
- it got out of order in 2 days only. very disappointed.
- No volume adjustment of rengtone. and it's tooo low.
- Received a defective piece with display not working.
- Not a good piece. Most of the times not reachable .
- Bettery low in a single day. not up to the mark.
- worse mobile....please dont be purchace this
- VERY POOR QUALITY. IN TERM OF SOUND,VISUAL
- worst product of micromax its cant be worst than this today i received the package and the phone built in quality is very cheap it continiously hangs nd restarts not even able to use the phone..STARTED THE RETURN....i would recomend every one to go for a better product with a littele bit higher price..
- the sound of mobile is very poor
- Phone is not working properly.
- DISPLAY NOT WORKING TILL NOW
- Not worthy for Rs1000 bucks
- THE PHONE IS NOT WORKING GOOD,THOUGHT OF REPLACING IT.NOT WORTH FOR MONEY. THE MOBILE IS AUTOMATICALLY TURNING OFF AND THE VOICE IS ALSO NOT CLEAR
- Do not buy this....
- sound is very bad
- Batery problem...
- Very poor.....
- Will never recommend for this product.
- defective
- Waste
- very low quality .... fm radio not working..... sd card slot damage while inciting sd card..... very low quality.....
- Bad
- never buy this phone
- Defictve mobile karbonn k105 .not Charing properly.spekar not working after 2day of using.total loss of money.
- Worst phone within 10days of use it starts hanging while calling and receiving calls and also automatically call is diverting.Nw I can't return the date is over
- Please do not go for it if you value your money and time. It's a faulty product. It doesn't allow you to save contacts in it. Also hangs. A cheap material.
- the screen of the phone lost its display. Unable to use the phone other than for incoming calls. its just a month since we bought the phone
- It is very very good product so I want to give a surprise gift as with full of toilet on the face of owner ..disgausting
- this is not good product ....i returned this mobile ............dont waste ur time & money on this........
- The phone started showing out of power on the third day of use within half hour of fully charging the phone.
- No handsfree received, music player not working song list not being refresh, overall wastage of money.
- No vibration mode. some times switch offed while speaking. bad mobilephone dont buy this mobile phone.
- Poor quality and it's second sim coverage is damaged within 3 days .No clarity to speak and hear
- Very less network grasping power, cl connection cut talking time very bad, my money wated
- Dear customare this product is defective so that no buy this product, I buy this product first prolemb battery not work so that change again not start.
- Its ring tone volume is too much low and it do not have vibration mode
- This phone not proper working.. I want to replace hand to hand....
- Not able to hear the received calls.Speaker is also not working.
- Horrible and does not the met the expectation at all
- worst phone,,, am using now this one......
- Phone is stopped working wothin 20 days
- I got a garbage instead of the phone!!!
- undesire.iam sad about this
- Phone is some signaling problem
- Very very bad mobile phone
- totaly waste of money
- Utter waste product
- Its not working
- Very bad.. Mob
- Not displayed
- Worst product
- NO EARPHONES
- Not at all good. It cannot be used. None of the sims used are working. So this phone has to be thrown out. It could not be repaired. so I have lost my money. This is the first time I am losing my money by ordering a phone through Amazone
- NOT GOOD
- Very bad
- device is not compatible and no high ringtone sounds and media and charger not working properly and headset unable to wear , not satisfied with mobile waste of money investing on this product.
- The phone not working properly !! keeps on searching the network and shows blank screen with frequent auto shut down.
- I bought this phone for Rs894. But very poor sound quality. I have replaced the phone thanks to Amazon easy return policy.But now I have decided to return the 2nd piece as well and get the refund. I won't recommend this phone even as a back up phone.
- A very big problem in both cellphones .. both are same .. cellphone is gonna switched off n also a speaker problem .. this is my first experience with micromax .. i hope it will be good ..please solve my problem
- The phone did not vibration mode, which is must for an old age man to use. Same was not mentioned on Amazon. Truly upset about it.
- provide me damaged product
- dont buy this mobile phone as soon as i buy within two months display problem and also charger problem
- worst mobile pls dont buy it .....having mic problem pls try any samsung or nokia mobile
- worst hand set ringing volume is very low, loud speaker volume is low, kindly tell other customers not to purchase this hand set.
- Don't purchase this mobile.It's not connected to network
- bad mobile
- Not working as expected. Hindi keys are not functioning properly.
- Sound very low. Packing not that good. Don't buy I wont recommend anyone . comparing it to local mobile shop this phone sound is low. Local store has same product with good sound. I feel something is wrong with the product . would give -9999 stars if was able to .
- Poor
- Purchased this for basic purpose of calling, but not met the expectation.Call quality was very poor.
- low sound
- Very bad product
- Simply unjustified & highly disgusting !
- I bought this mobile it came with any charge and headphone , I'm really surprised how Micromax can sell mobile without charger. Please be aware before buying this mobile it will come without charger and headphone
- i purchased for longer battery backup but not satisfied with this product.Also micromax is not providing charger. too bad....company tendency is third class.
- Don't buy this .The phone is not having charger in it . The manufacturer doesn't have common sense that how an ordinary person use it with out having charger
- Mobile is nice . they are not given charger and earphone .not mention charger or earphone yes or no returning process is very bad
- where is the charger and headphones.ok for charger but headphones will be allocated is given in the summary..
- This comes with no charger no headphone.... N also this comes not in box but In a packet like chocolate packet.... Felt so bad Coz micromax doesn't provide any charger n headphone to this less rate mobiles Coz other brands provide all assecciores with every mobile....
- I think it will complete acssosiries pakt but it only phone not charger and not ear phones
- i receved only handset. i am not receved headphone charger plz procede my requition
- No vibration atert feature. I ordered this but returned only because of this.
- Ringer ain't that great... missing calls due to bad output of ringer...
- I have not received the charger with this phone and neither handsfree.
- vibration fichter is not available this mobile, i think not good,
- I am not giving Star's to this product. Because the phone have no charger and no ear phones. This is cheating of costmers.
- Not good as we expected and quality of products also very low
- Mobile is good but i did't received charger & headset.
- Useless, No charger has been given from company side.
- with out charger, what is the use of 1800 Mah Battery
- No charger
- Worst phone I have ever seen. Please don't buy.
- Worst mobile it doesn't have vibrate mode.....
- no charger & no ear phone
- Mobile charger and eyer fone was not available
- Not Worth,No Charger No Ear phone in package
- No charger and no earphones with the Mobile
- No charger I will not give rating star....
- Voice disturbance is there in calls.
- Headphone and charger not shipped
- average phone battery not good
- Not worth buying this product
- charger was not there...
- vabration is not here
- Waste of money
- Not so good.
- Waste :(
- Not Good
- I think that the product cost is more greater as compared to other shoping sites like ebay,askme etc.
- Can't imagine a mobile without vibrator and too low ringing sound. I sold this mobile to one of my collogue after two days. Don't purchase otherwise you will have to regret.
- hanging problem, no keys work then you have to remove battery.
- The battary life for talktime they claimed is false..voice is not clear...so bad product..I will not suggest to anyone to buy this product.
- This is a bad phone. if you press the phone then it got switch off. It is not a good deal. In between 5 days the problem came and I have replaced the phone.
- Because after 2 month use of this product my display not work and when i go to the service center Of Micromax, they reply me that this mobile is already opened by any other unofficial mechanic and reply me that the guarantee period is not working here anymore. I think seller "Cloudtail" is responsible for that. I gonna Shutdown my activity From Amazon too.
- I don't like the service or the product provided. I am very disappointed.
- the phone is not good .the volume of the voice is very low .hands free you have to put your ear to it .similarly when you search for a name you put the first letter then nothing will come .put the second letter some thing else will come .its not worth its price of 1100 .so i have baught another one geoinee L 700 for 1800 .nice hand set .
- I have received a faulty product. earphone is not working from beginning. considering the price it is good but functions are not user friendly it is very tough to find even simple options.
- Hardware is of substandard.. Battery claim of 1800 mh is mere joke... I could use this phone for 5 days only,.. I regret to purchase this poor quality product.
- Micromax should improve its speaker for good sound. Rather than fooling people by loading abundle of features in a budget phone where no features work properly.
- first time purchase this product , received with in a minute display problem will occur am return this product to sender
- Can u pls send me the bill recipt bcoz phone is not working properly. Send it to my email id registered with u.
- I am not satisfy because this product has headphone with single ear speaker,,,,,,,, come to get the damage piece
- The phone ordered was Dual sim CDMA+GSM, compared to the one i received was GSM +GSM. it did not satisfy my purpose and i had to give it away to my maid for free....no use of ordering mobiles here as the product received is totally different from one shown while ordering.
- Quality of Product is not good, voice is not clear while taking in the phone. So I will not prefer this.
- Good mobile in this prize but it is a dual gsm mobile don't purchase as cdma purpose.
- The article is not worth. Volume too low , a mobile like this serves no purpose.
- It is no.1 waste mobile. No words are there to review about this worst mobile.
- Not recommended.. ring tone is very low and heats up within 2 mins of use...
- Instead of providing 3.5mm ear phone jack they USB cable point for it
- its battery not getting fully charged
- i did not get complete product, i get the single ear plug
- wast of money. battery not getting fully charged
- sound quality verry poor& battry backup verry poor
- very bad shipping and very long time consuming
- do not buy guyz ...this is s***...sersly
- Very Bad Phone please don't purchase
- bettiry iswaste over all waste peace
- KEY PAD NOT WORKING AFTER 6 MONTH
- all other features are ok but phone is for hearing purpose, whats the use of mobile if person cant hear the voice of other side.
- Battery is not working
- very bad product.
- not good quality
- Its not good !!
- I had purchased this this phone few days ago for my mother.The really bad thing is that i don't get a charger with this purchase of mobile phone.How can some body sell a mobile phone without charger.This is just shocking for me.I would not recommend any body to purchase this hand set.
- there is no charger , usb or headphone as mentioned . The package consists of only phone ,battery ,warranty card and manual ....
- No option to give it negative marks therefore give it min. star.
- the product is defective one, i have never like it
- this product. i orderd...but not given charger with that....value less the phone without its charger hw so far it is good
- there is charger and headphones are missing in the packege
- Charger not attached with parcel we have received
- Hey guys this product is not good..because of the battery is not working properly. While charging phone full after 2 hours it will be empty & shows low battery notification..
- This Mobile is not "Touch Screen" as mentioned in Technical Details & No Charger provided ,No Handsfree,No Datacable...very worst product from Micromax..Dont Buy this product its waste of Money and Returned it back.....
- Big surprise! There is no charger and headphone. Dont go for this. I would have given zero star!
- Mobile not detecting memory .Some problem in board. Unable to replace & Battery life also less.
- sound quality is very poor keypad very poor too plz dont buy this
- O star i want to give bcoz i was not geting chrger n ear phn...
- No charger with the product. How does one charge the phone
- I received this with no display! Returned back the next!
- No charger No usb charging
- It's very bad working, first sim not working
- Bad product, battary doesn't work properly
- worst battery life and charge too slowly.
- worst phone ever no charger or handsfree
- Didn't gave charger n headphones wit it
- It is complaint. Am not satisfied.
- its without charger and headphone
- In your there is no Accessories.
- battery is waste. no use atall
- very poor battery backup.
- Cheap Quality Product
- Don't buy D's phone
- NOT SO CONVENIENT
- battrey backup is not good and courier person bad
- Not good
- highly priced basic phone. "music" word not justified by its music playing enability. doesn't meets my expectations. not worth for money
- not good,defective model .Switches off automatically and once off doesnt switch on until plugged on with charger.
- very very dissapointed f.didnt expect from samsung brand and amaon should do quality check of products .this makes user hesitate to buy next time online.
- worst product by samsumg difficult to use . dere is no option of making calls from both sim .. u can only call from one sim . if u want to make call from sim or sim 2 . u need to long press # key .. to switch sim cards.. difficult to operate for a 64 yr old man ..phone is only for youngsters...
- I'm really irritated. Coz what I received was duplicate product from eaga world.I have checked with my friend mobile found my mobile is duplicate.Below list of problems. 1.weight of the product is light when compared to original 2.Memory cards not supporting.3.Keypad is very worst.4.Major problem sound quality is too bad.we can identify the mobile is duplicate one if we compare the original phone sound.finally I requested for return the materials. Also I request amazon to identify the duplicate sellers.
- Its aa worst phone one day battory capacity I buy this phone I'm not satisfied this model iam using just 3days I sell d olx just 1000 rs
- Don't buyl this samsung cell
- voice quality is very very bad not clear and phone disconnected while conversation.
- This phone makes noise after every 5 min (beep).. Its really annoying at night or whenever you are on call.. Please DON'T buy it.
- Waste of money no bluetooth
- There is some beep sound which will switch on the display light for every 5 mins and I took it to service centre also but they couldn't rectify the issue am really bugged up of this phone as even in d night for every 5 mins there is a beep which irritates me.
- very bad..very poor speaker quality ......battery backup is also not upto the mark.
- Bluetooth was not available and if u put memory card, the process of phone is getting slow.
- Not up to the mark
- It was Little low price on the box than that of i paid....it was disappointing
- Reception voice quality is worst. Need to take to Service center.
- not a good phone ... signal strength vry week ....
- Disturbed receiving calls and mic disfunction.
- product undilivered, utter disappointment.
- Wrong Quality this Product Voice not clear
- The speaker of the phone was very bad.
- It's too much costly then real market
- Very high price compair with market
- Damage product I need to exchange
- product is good ,but amozone return policy is not good ,when i was talk with customer care he told me if i will return this device only return amount Rs.100 and this mobile cost is Rs.1550
- Waste mobile I purchased
- features are too bad
- the mobile has gone blank !!!! no speaker volume and you call it Samsung guru music !Need refund asap .
- NOT WORKING PROPER
- I won't not recommend people to purchase this product via Bhikshu Telecom. There way of package was really bad and worst than expected
- Poor
- I am a regular customer of Amazon, I buy something or the other almost every month. But this time I got a defective piece. This phone is not able to detect earphones. I tried to check with many earphones, but it is not working. I purchased this phone particularly to listen music as my workplace does not allow me to bring smartphone. All my money is wasted.
- Very bad
- Not good
- Sound quality is very bad
- It's fake product.
- The executive who delivers the product didn't even care about doing a door step delivery . Just happy with the product received
- Waste
- delivery is so slow 
- Battery not run even a day. I only use half an hour a day even though battery not run whole day
- Worst product I am received defective phone. I had bad experience to this phone for amazon.
- Not satisfy
- Bad phone...no bluetooth..no internet options...no value for money
- I am disappointed this I received a defective piece. My mobile not detecting network signal, its show no service. But when I kept same sim in another mobile its working with full signal. I am very unhappy with this product..
- All karbon mobiles have the problem with loudspeaker which is not audible.Camera is very Bad......One of the worst mobile I have ever seen...
- not a good built. Returning it today. Phone had scratches already. Need to step up amazon's packing quality.
- sometimes the phone is hanging. i was tried to return but the order is not taken by you why i dont know.
- Call sound is too low and rest is ok.
- Very bulky and totally different features as compared to shown in the site. Please do not buy ..
- Got a defective piece..... Returned it to amazon but dint get the refund....disappointed
- Defect piece received. Keypad was not working for some numbers. Returned the product.
- Bad product, very chip look and feel made of plastic and bulky.
- NOT THE GOOD PRODUCT THERE IS A PROBLEM IN THE SOFTWARE
- very bad not replacing, don't buy